Initial version (#1)
codex-team/hawk.catcher: README.md

| catcher_type | string          | Type of the catcher (`errors/golang`, `errors/php`) |
| sender       | Sender          | Information about sender                            |

## Sender
Information about sender

| name         | type            | description                                         |
|--------------|-----------------|-----------------------------------------------------|
| ip           | string          | Sender IP address                                   |

## Response
HTTP response from the catcher. It is provided as JSON with HTTP error code.

| name         | type   | description                                         |
|--------------|--------|-----------------------------------------------------|
| error        | bool   | if the error was occurred                           |
| message      | string | result details                                      |

For now there are two possible error codes: `200 (OK)` and `400 (Bad request)`.

Examples
```
{"error": true, "message": "Token is empty"}
```
```
{"error": true, "message": "Invalid JSON format"}
```

No body will be returned for the valid response (`200`).

# Message broker

> For now we support RabbitMQ as general AQMP broker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 For now we support RabbitMQ as a general AMQP broker.
```

We declare a durable **exchange** with `errors` name.
The valid payload JSON from `Request` structure goes directly to the exchange with the route specified by `catcher_type` value.

# Test

Run Hawk.catcher as described in the previous section.
Run load tests
```python
python3 -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
pip install -r tools/requirements.txt
python3 tools/bomber.py
```

You can also send requests manually via insomnia or cURL to the `http://localhost:3000/catcher` with the following JSON body.

```json
{
	"token": "eyJ0eXAiOiJKV1QiLCJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiJ9",
	"sender": {
		"ip": "127.0.0.1"
	},
	"catcher_type": "errors/golang",
	"payload": {
		"title": "Field `blocks` is missing",

>     "timestamp": 1545203808,

Reviewer: что-то здесь не так с табуляцией

        "line": 77,
        "source code": [
          {
            "line number": 76,
            "content": "         if (!isset($data['blocks'])) {"
          },
          {
            "line number": 77,
            "content": "             throw new EditorJSException('Field `blocks` is missing');"
          },
          {
            "line number": 78,
            "content": "         }"
          }
        ]
      },
      {
        "file": "/var/www/codex/application/classes/Controller/Articles/Index.php",
        "called line": "191",
        "source code": [
          {
            "line number": "190",
            "content": "     {"
          },
          {
            "line number": "191",
            "content": "         $editor = new EditorJS($content, Model_Article::getEditorConfig());"
          },
          {
            "line number": "192",
            "content": "         $blocks = $editor->getBlocks();"
          }
        ]
      }
    ],
    "get": {
    },
    "post": {
      "text": "Hello, World!",
      "is_published": false
    },
    "headers": {
    },
    "source release": ""
	}
}
```

> # Run in Docker

Reviewer: это надо поднять к Build and Run
